Now that we have our form input component we also want a button component that's custom this button
is also going to be a presentational component similar to our form input.
And the reason why we're building them as their own component is so that this component can be used
in any other component that might need consistent input styling that we have across our application.
So what do I mean by this.
Well up till this point we've pretty much limited all of our styling for our titles and our menu items
and our collection items all in this or whichever respective component that they're in.
So any styling for the home page sits in the home page style store SAS fun.
But now we're running into components that we know are going to be reused across the application so
if we look at our final application we see that we're going to use the button in our sign and we're
gonna use the button in our sign up.
And we're also going to use our form input across both the sign and the sign up.
So limiting our form input styles to just the signing would cause us to have to repeat that same style
code inside of our sign up as well but we don't want to do that.
We want to make components that we can reuse across our application and even our button is used in more
than just our sign and page.
We know it's going to be used inside of our checkout and we see that this is actually inverse.
So it's going to have to be a pretty flexible button including in our shop we use something similar
as well so how are we going to build this.
Well first let's just start with building our signing button for our sign and Page will add the functionality
as we require it.
Because this way it allows us to re-evaluate and properly consider the tradeoffs of how we should build
our button so let's go back to our component and let's add in this new custom button component
and let's just make custom button dock component Dutch ASX and custom button dot styles dot SAS will
import react from react or import in our style sheet
and then we're just going to export a stateless Functional Component called custom button
and it's just going to render a button component
and then we're going to attach the styling to our custom button class name you might wonder if this
is a button but in our actual sign in component we were using an input to do our H terminals form submission
how would it continue to work if we switched it to a button.
Well for both button and input they can both take this property of type submit and they can both submit
the form that they're in they'll both trigger when clicked if the other types submit the on submit method
on our form.
So what we want to do is we want to be able to pass that in.
So what we'll do is we'll first pull the children off of our props that get passed into our custom button
and then we're gonna d structure all the other prompts into this other props property and spread that
into our custom button.
Now if we have a type submit being passed into custom button the button will get that and then we'll
put children inside of our button component and now if we export our custom button and then we add in
our custom button styles which I have provided right here
we can now import our custom button into our component
and replace this input with it.
Now instead of doing a value here because we have children we're just going to put sign in like so and
now we have our button there is a little bit of styling we need to add to our sign and component itself.
And what we will do is we will go to our sign in styles and we're just going to add a display flex a
flex direction of column because we want all of our elements inside of our sign and to sit vertically
and then we're also going to add a bit of a margin between our title.
So we're gonna put margin of 10 pixels on the top in the bottom and now we have air our assignment component.
So next we're gonna start integrating with Firebase and that is gonna be a really exciting lesson.